In this lecture we will work with the larval views.
So first thing we'll do is we will create our forum for adding new comments to our blog post only for
the authenticated users.
That's nothing new.
We did that before but also we will refactor existing code using what we have learned so far.
So we created this forum for adding blog posts.
Way before before we knew a lot of stuff that we now know and if you will try to submit it with invalid
data you'll see some error messages that are not really visually appealing and will refactor that to
create a common errors component which will then use on our new form for adding comments and we'll also
reuse that here when we display the errors when the data for adding a blog post is somehow invalid.
So let's go ahead and start working So first we'll start with adding a new form for adding the blog
posts so let's go to the Visual Studio code and what we see here is our create form so we'll copy some
of the code not to bother you with typing especially that those is this is nothing new.
You did that before and it won't change much but also will refactor this fragment to make it a reusable
component that will display errors in a more appealing manner.
OK so let's go ahead now inside our resources views folder.
We do not have our comments folder so let's create it.
Now
so this is our new view namespace for all the templates related to comments.
Now since comments are only part of a blog post for now we do not have a case where they should be displayed
separately will just create start with creating a partial component we'll call it underscore a forum
blade BHP and this forum will be put inside the individual blog post page on the show blade BHP template
of the posts to display a forum.
Only four out integrated users.
So since this is a party all component parts are a partial partial view.
It doesn't need to extend and layout we can just copy this code from the create template to have our
bases for our forum structure.
Now we don't need this include but we definitely need to order CSR Rev token which would create our
hidden input field with their CSR f token.
Now we do not yet have a controller so no route would be specified but we can use the button so we can
say at comment okay.
Now we will also need a field to type in the actual comment so let's reuse what we have inside this
forum.
But since we want to allow some longer text let's modify this to text area.
Now we also don't need a default value.
And let's close this element now inside the comment model.
We also have a field called content so we can reuse that but we want to use the label at all.
So let's remove this from the component.
Now I've said that comments could only be posted by authenticated users.
So let's use the health directive.
So if the user is authenticated he would only then see this forum otherwise he might see something else.
But first let's wrap all of this partial component inside a DPH that will have some marking at the bottom
end marking out the top let's say marking too.
All right.
Now let us in then that and yeah well if user is not authenticated he might see some text that well
he should do something like authenticate so we can do a sign in to post comments and this could even
be a link
so that would be a link to our sign root.
Now we can use the root helper and if you remember it or not the route to logging is called logging.
Well unless you have called it differently.
Okay.
And well we can also add a horizontal line at the bottom.
So basically now our forum for posting comments is kind of ready we can insert this inside the show
template.
Well I think we can put this just below the comments header section and we can use include and just
include the comments don't underscore form.
OK.
Save the changes and let's refresh the page
now after it reloads.
We should see a nice form with the button to add a comment.
It doesn't do anything yet.
We'll handle that in a moment.
But you can see that since I am authenticated I can see this form.
But if I will log out and then I will visit one of the blog posts.
Doesn't really matter which one.
Now I should instead of the forum see the link but it apparently doesn't work and let's see why.
So it seems I haven't closed the deal talk.
And also I didn't even close the opening.
Deep dark.
So let's fix that.
Save the changes and it should work.
Now now after refreshing the layout should now look correct.
We see the link to signing.
If we are authenticated now let's work on this part that will let us display arrows using our single
component by accessing these global errors variable that is bank available to all your views.
If there are any validation errors so let's go ahead and create a new file inside the components folder
and call it errors.
Blade BHP
now we can copy this fragment to verify if there actually are any errors to be displayed.
Now let's go to the app service provider and register this new component with underlie us so it's components
errors and we wound up under the errors alliance okay.
Now we also do not want it to be displayed.
Well not really visually appealing.
So let's modify this code to have some margin at the top margin at the bottom using empty and end B
classes and also remove list from it
and now instead of displaying our list element what we will do is we'll use our bootstrap class called
alert and will display it using the red color like using the danger class.
So let's copy this fragment and paste that into our template
reformat so we can keep those classes and only think we have to do is to echo the error variable which
we iterate over all the errors.
Okay.
So basically there is our component now instead of doing this inside the underscore form late for posts
we can do arrows and arrows let's verify if that actually works by trying to add blog post first we
have to logging obviously.
OK.
Let's submit something.
Yes.
So it works.
And now we'll be able to reuse this component but first we of course have to implement some logic that
will add those comments and we'll do that in the next lecture.